[SYCL][Graph] Enable in-order cmd-list (#13088)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/extensions/experimental/sycl_ext_oneapi_graph.asciidoc

property to be passed here. `depends_on_all_leaves` provides a shortcut for
adding all the current leaves of a graph as dependencies.

==== Enable-Profiling Property [[enable-profiling]]
[source,c++]
----
namespace sycl::ext::oneapi::experimental::property::node {
class enable_profiling {
  public:
    enable_profiling() = default;
};
}
----

> The `property::graph::enable_profiling` property can be passed to a

Reviewer: `property::graph::enable_profiling` -> `property::node::enable_profiling`

`command_graph::add()` function and enables profiling support 
for the node in the `command_graph<graph_state::executable>`.

> Passing this property implies disabling certain optimizations.

Reviewer: Should maybe have a design doc entry on what these optimizations are

This is why profiling is by default disabled on graphs, unless users

> explicitly require it using either the `property::graph::enable_profiling` 

Reviewer: `property::graph::enable_profiling` -> `property::node::enable_profiling`?

> property in building mode or the `property::queue::enable_profiling` on 

Reviewer: "building mode" is new terminology, would prefer to rephrase to "Explicit API" or such like

> the recorded queue (Record&Replay API).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the recorded queue in the Record & Replay API.
```

   an implicit dependency before and after the graph execution, as if the graph
   execution is one command-group submitted to the in-order queue.

2. `property::queue::enable_profiling` - This property must be set on the queue
   in recording mode if users want to profile the commands recorded to 

>    the graph. This property must also be set on the queue the queue an

Reviewer: "the queue the queue" -> "the queue"

>    the graph.This property must also be set on the queue the queue a graph is 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the graph. This property must also be set on the queue an executable graph is 
```
